# For setup instructions, skip to [getting started](#getting-started)

## Problems faced and solutions
1. It had been a long time since I've used React (the last I used was in 2021). This was
also the first time I used NextJS, Tailwind and CSS, so it was a completely new
experience for me. The Tailwind CSS was generated by Cursor, but rest of the code
is mine.
2. Subscriptions for listening to database events was a bit difficult to implement. Solved
it using supabase's chat feature and the supabase-js documentation.
3. Updating components on insert/delete/update was slightly hard because I was facing
issues with accessing email information from the session within client components. This
was solved by some refactoring of the `bookmarks-list.tsx` file.
4. I haven't used Supabase's built in schema for storing user data, but am storing email
addresses from the Google login with the bookmark records. This means there I couldn't
use some of the built-in functionality available in supabase for restricting access to authenticated
users only.


## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
pnpm run dev
# or
npx pnpm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## DB schema

The Postgres DB uses a single table called `Bookmark`.

It has the following columns:

1. email: text
2. id: auto generated UUID string
3. title: text (title of the Bookmark)
4. url: text (url of the Bookmark)